h1. Shortweet Rails App

I decided to challenge myself to make a simple application that shortens a URL you post to it and also allow for the ability to send it to Twitter. I know there are plenty of services out there that already offer this such as bit.ly, but a challenge is a challenge. So was born Shortweet. Since it's just a challenge project, it comes as is.

h2. Setup

After cloning/downloading:

* in config, rename example.database.yml to database.yml and change to your settings for your database
* in config/environments, rename example.development.rb to development.rb
* rake db:create; rake db:migrate;

h3. Accessing twitter

In the development.rb environment file, you will need to place in your Twitter keys that they gave to you. To obtain these keys, you will need to sign up for them:

http://twitter.com/oauth_clients/new

*Note:* Currently, twitter does not allow for callbacks to localhost:port for development testing. If you are planning on developing on your localhost, you must change your /etc/hosts file to fake a DNS for twitter to call back to.

When filling out the callback field for twitter application, make sure the url ends with:

<pre>
  /callback
</pre>

This will make sure that twitter sends back to the correct action for the verification process to store the user's token and secret.

h3. Restful Authentication Plugin

Clone to the vendor/plugins folder

<pre>
  git clone git://github.com/technoweenie/restful-authentication.git /vendor/plugins/restful_authentication
</pre>